thank
you Israel has pulled negotiators from
its intelligence agency Mossad out of Q
it's blaming a deadlock in negotiations
let's get more from Ali hasham he's
joining us live from Doha so what are
you hearing about exactly why those
negotiations have come to a Hal
Al well uh the negotiations stopped
after the end of the first uh truce that
ended on the 30th of uh November now the
uh Israeli delegation the Mad delegation
was asked to leave Doha as per the uh
statement issued by uh Israel's prime
minister office um they were joined here
by delegations from the United States of
America also a security team and Egypt
and they were all hosted by Qatar now uh
the first phase uh saw the Israelis
releasing uh Palestinian women and
children detained in Israeli prisons
many of of them without even being
sentenced and Hamas releasing a number
of Israelis who were uh uh taken as
captives uh on the 7th of October now U
now the Israelis are requesting that
Hamas releases the um female military
personnel which Hamas is saying this is
not going to be with the same price that
was put on the uh in the previous uh
swap so this was the main issue
especially that there are now categories
and different price tags if it's right
to say for the uh uh for the swaps in
this uh regard the uh the negotiations
has stopped but this doesn't mean that
it has sto forever because the mediation
continues and Qatar is still exerting
efforts in order to secure another truth
in Gaza and Ali there are certainly many
countries who want the ceasefire
negotiation iations to restart the
French President Emanuel macron has
arrived in Doha would that
hope well the French pres president is
hoping to secure the release of five uh
dual Nationals who are French Israelis
uh who he believe believes are uh cap
taken as captives in in Gaza uh we don't
know actually if they are with Hamas or
with any other Palestinian faction there
seeking the mediation of Qatar in in
this regard however before coming to to
Qatar the French uh president spoke uh
to uh journalists in uh in Dubai and um
expressed a big concern towards the
continuation of the Israeli War on Gaza
and this is what he had to
say I think this is the moment when
Israeli authorities need to more
precisely Define their end goals what
does total destru ruction of Hamas mean
and does anyone think it is possible if
it is the aim the war will last 10
years there can be no long-term security
for Israel in the region if that
security comes at the price of
Palestinian lives affecting public
opinion in the
region well this is a different stance
from the uh French president the French
president who is supposed also to meet
with the Amir of Qatar here in Doha at
the beginning of the war just two months
around two months ago called for an
International Coalition to uh fight
Hamas so today with this uh uh stance
with this position whereas he is asking
the Israelis to Define their objective
with respect to Hamas whether they want
to continue with their their objective
to destroy Hamas and as he said as we
had uh this is going to take a decade or
change the objectives now French uh uh
diplomats who spoke to uh uh French
media yesterday were saying that Israel
is now a prisoner of his its own stance
and it seems that this is now the
thinking in Paris and this is why we are
witnessing this shift in positions uh
for macron all right Ali thank you for
that Ali hasham with the latest live in
Doha let going out as